CSS Units lesson: Improve punctuation (#23891)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: html_css/intermediate_css/css-units.md

`1rem` is the `font-size` of the root element (either `:root` or `html`). The math works the same with `rem` as it did with `em`, but without the added complexity of keeping track of the parent's font size. Relying on `em` could mean that a particular size could change if the context changes, which is very likely not the behavior you want.

> Using a relative size like `rem` to define font sizes across your website _is_ recommended. Many browsers allow users to change the base font-size to increase readability. If at all possible, it is advisable to respect a user's wishes with regards to font size. You'll learn more about this from the reading assignments.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion:
```suggestion
Using a relative size like `rem` to define font sizes across your website _is_ recommended. Many browsers allow users to change the base font-size to increase readability. If at all possible, it is advisable to respect a user's wishes regarding font size. You'll learn more about this from the reading assignments.
```

Author: > Wording suggestion:

I agree with that.
